dad's six packs and go hide
out in the tree fort and one day...
I slipped and fell.
How long ago did that happen?
Twenty-three years, five months and
fourteen days. But who's counting? I've been
stuck in this house for twenty-three
years. I can't go any further than that tree.
I've just spent my
time watching the world go
by, but then you came
along and you could see me.
And I've been on my
own for so long, it was like a
grenade had gone off in my
head. It was amazing. You're amazing.
I should go.
I know, I know, it's insane. But I
really like you and I want us to be together.
How? You're dead. I'm
alive. That doesn't make any sense.
Well, what if I told you that I'd
found a way to come back to be human again?